Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#2387)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: CONTRIBUTING.md

  or related issues for context, before opening a new issue
* Including minimal examples is greatly appreciated
* If it's a bug, or unexpected behaviour, reproducing on the latest development version

>   (`Pkg.develop("DataFrames")`) is a good gut check and can streamline the process,

Author: ```suggestion
  (`Pkg.add(name="DataFrames", rev="master")`) is a good gut check and can streamline the process,
```
